bring back Bob Bob Bob Bob braids yes mr. amazing is here we're going to get on with his magic show and I do want to thank The Many Many Colors you called in actually friends both of you couldn't play and we have on the telephone with us now mr. Dave Clements sacred I get the name right Dave Dave hunsaker at 716 Carolina Avenue apartment to Norfolk write Dave you don't have to yell mr. amazing out what would you like to do with this morning yeah no no don't tell us what it is now first of all let me say that you have never met mr. amazing before right never can you have no idea what they're going to come out this morningplay If you see her holding up to the microphone ain't nothing up mr. amazing shots leave them together together number nine at jacket I totally got that all right now I'm just amazing whatdivided in half this should be over by 11 I think right now that all right subtract the original number from what you had chosen that's a fact that's the number you have the number you're going to tell him the number he had never seen mr. amazing before he never talked to him on the phone before that the number is 6in your mind he said five what are you serious and this is your amazed at mr. amazing mr. amazing how did you do that hit by a no and you had no idea what the number was going to be thank you very much for joining in with us this morning bye bye. The number that he was actually I can't imagine that I don't know what the $0.15 I will pick a number random from the Tidewater telephone directory thanks Frank Frank Fraga help me shop this morning when I call we had ten cents yesterday and unfortunately we did not get a winter shirt without a nickel in that Frank makes how much right $0.15 jackpot this morning we have our number will take this one right here at all you have to do is tell me fifteen cents in the jackpot and he will be a winner of the entire jackpot one of these and one of these and we'll dial now and we are waiting Frank is helping us out this morning there's the first thing we can only go out to 138 rings and we have to assume no one's home. How are you how are you this sick when you used to Porter residence right 1148 North Carrington in the phone book it says crescere is Miss Porter's this is handsome hard-working award-winning Jack deal going with me award-winning Jackie O radio program on the air here now with our Jack Gayle immense Giants we got it more money because we did not have a winner yesterday we added more money we did not have a winner on Friday all you have to do is tell me how much money is in our jackpot this morning this is for her and you will win the entire amount now I have a hint for you it is somewhere between 1 Penny and $50 give me the amount the money is all yours how much do you think before how much 3737 Sportage at 37 I see 3737 see you missed it by 36 8585 you missed it by 15 you since we have 15 cents of a jackpot you missed it by $36.85 but we're going to add more money to that jackpot and who knows you could be called again tomorrow so you be sure to join us 1350 on the dial honey radio the award-winning Jackie O radio program okay are there a Whole30 685-3685 program Bradley